feat(sso): add specific documentation for all supported IdPs (#7)
ForestAdmin/documentation-user-guide: project-settings/organizations/organization-settings.md

This tab gathers all security options of your Organization. For now you can only configure Single Sign-On (SSO).

![](<../../.gitbook/assets/organization-settings-security.png>)

### Configuring SSO

{% hint style="info" %}

> The are supporting the SAML 2.0 specifications, you can use all the Identity providers you want therefore we recommend to use on of the following officially supported platforms.

Reviewer: I am not sure of the message here: are we supporting all SAML 2.0 ? Or are we saying that we only support the 4 below ?

Author: Both

> We are officially supporting: [**Okta**](./sso-guides/sso-with-okta.md), [**OneLogin**](./sso-guides/sso-with-one-login.md), [**Google**](./sso-guides/sso-with-google.md) and [**Azure Active Directory**](./sso-guides/sso-with-azure.md) IdPs.

Reviewer: I think we should write identity providers everywhere instead of IdPs

{% endhint %}

To start configuring SSO for your Organization, click on "Configure Single Sign-On":

#### Configure your Identity Provider

You'll first need to **declare Forest Admin in your Identity Provider** using the information in the grey panel:

![](<../../.gitbook/assets/organization-settings-sso-1.png>)

| Setting | Description | Value |
| --- | --- | --- |
| Callback URL (Assertion Consumer Service URL)* | Assertion Consumer Service URL is responsible for receiving the SAML response | `https://api.forestadmin.com/api/saml/callback` |
| Sign on URL* | Sign on URL | `https://api.forestadmin.com/api/saml/callback` |

> | Single Logout URL | Redirected to this location after logout | `https://app.forestadmin.com/login` (⚠️ Be careful if you use custom domains)|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Single Logout URL | Redirected to this location after logout | `https://app.forestadmin.com/login` (⚠️ Or your custom domain if you use one)|
```

> | Audience (EntityID) | Named SP Entity ID in Forest Admin | *Value is displayed in the Forest Admin* |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Audience (EntityID) | Named SP Entity ID in Forest Admin | *Value is displayed in the Forest Admin settings* |
```

#### Configure Forest Admin with the Identity Provider Metadata
**XML file upload or XML file endpoint (Recommended)**

Either upload a file containing the authentication information (you'll be able to generate this file in your Identify Provider) or input the endpoint at which such a file is available (some IPs provide this).

![](<../../.gitbook/assets/image (59).png>)

> **Manual input**

Reviewer: 👍

You may also enter your authentication information manually. You'll need to provide:

* a **Login endpoint**
* a **Logout endpoint**
* and finally **a valid certificate**

![](<../../.gitbook/assets/image (595).png>)

Click on Test configuration to try to authenticate.

#### Enables it for all the users
If it works, you're all set but you will still need to enable that new SSO authentication method:

![](<../../.gitbook/assets/image (289).png>)

{% hint style="danger" %}
After enabling SSO, all users will be required to [log in](./#how-to-log-in-using-single-sign-on-sso) again.
{% endhint %}

> #### IDP-initiated login (Optional)

Reviewer: IDP -> Identity Provider

Once you have enabled SSO, you have the option to enable IDP-initiated login: this will allow your users to be automatically logged in when they come to Forest Admin from your identity provider dashboard.

![](<../../.gitbook/assets/image (318).png>)

To set it up properly, you will need to set a default **Relay state** on your identity provider following this format (*or URL encoded depending on the IdP*):

```javascript
{

>   "organizationName": "<OrganizationName_TO_REPLACE>",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  "organizationName": "<YOUR_OWN_ORGANIZATION_NAME_GOES_HERE>",
```

>   "organizationName": "<OrganizationName_TO_REPLACE>",

Reviewer: I am not sure we need TO_REPLACE since it should have been generated by the server with the right name
